How do you know I can't afford it?
I'm sorry, we really have respect today.
Expensive customers are coming to our store.
It is inconvenient to receive you, please go out.
I said what's wrong with you
He's my friend.
You came just in time. Here's a dress I like
You have to cooperate with me to buy any clothes.
Mom this dress
This set of clothes is the treasure of our store
Gas indicates that the price is about 10 million or more
One man and one woman must sell the whole set.
OK, we're going to try the eyeless redneck
Can you afford to break more than 10 million clothes?
Even if you sell it for 100 million, can't you try it first?
Go get it
Why buy such expensive clothes?
I've loved this dress for a long time
I can feel its essence in the design
Unfortunately, this dress is not for sale alone
OK
What are you doing?
I've seen a lot of hillbillies like you
You close the door.
Who knows if you will sneak away
Take the things in our store
More than 10 million clothes were damaged
Can you afford it?
Call your manager over
Our manager is not like you.
You can see what you want
Don't go out!